- Hello, everyone out there in the live stream.
Thank you so much for being here.
And if you're watching later, thanks for watching.
Enjoy what we're doing, please like the video
and tell YouTube and all of its algorithms that you like it.
So it spreads to others and awesome to see you, Brandon.
Alexander, thanks for being here.
Brian, are you ready to kick this off?
- Yeah, definitely.
- Yeah, we are.
- Yeah, let's do it.
Hello and welcome to Python Bytes where we deliver Python news and headlines directly
to your earbuds. This is episode 250, recorded September 15th, 2021. I'm Michael Kennedy.
And I'm Brian Okken. And I am Freysen.
Freysen, welcome to Python Bytes. Yeah, it's a pleasure. I've been looking so much forward
to joining you guys. Yeah, you've been somebody out there who's
You've been giving us a lot of good ideas and topics
and helping us learn about new things.
So you've been a big supporter of the show
and now you are part of the show.
- Yeah, hooray.
(laughs)
Right, yeah, I've been looking so much forward
for this first time I saw,
oh, we can take part in this and go like,
oh, I should try to just get myself in there and here I am.
- Yeah, here you are.
Thanks for doing that.
That's really nice.
Tell people a bit about yourself
before we dive into Brian's first topic.
- Yes, well, my name is Preyson Daniel
and I'm originally from Tanzania,
but living in Denmark, married with three awesome kids.
Currently, I'm a principal data scientist
at NTT Data Business Solution here in Copenhagen.
And yeah, so accidentally became a data scientist
and somehow discovering that I was really, really good at it
then I just started climbing my way up
thanks to the Python community
and everything that is out there.
- Yeah, awesome.
Congratulations.
Nice to see you finding your way in the data science world.
- Very cool.
- Yeah, Fred.
- Accidentally becoming a data scientist.
That's interesting.
- Exactly.
- Yeah.
- All right, Brian, have people been doing things wrong?
- I think so.
- Oh, including race conditions with screen sharing.
- Yeah, so I just couldn't resist this article.
There's an article out called
exciting new ways to be told that your Python code is bad,
which is just a great title.
And the gist is there's two new pylint errors.
So it's pretty simple.
But it made me think about my code a little bit.
And the first one is an error to tell you
to consider ternary expressions.
So if you've got like if condition,
and then you assign a variable in both the if clause
and the else clause, and it's a short thing,
maybe use a conditional expression instead
and do all in one line, like say,
and one of the examples in the blog post says,
X equals four if condition else five.
So, ternary operators are pretty cool,
and they're pretty easy to read in Python.
But I was just curious what you thought,
is the ternary expression easier to read or more difficult?
- Well, for me, I think this is pretty nice.
I'm always on the edge about the ternary condition,
the value if condition else other value,
a lot of times it starts to stretch out
to be a little bit verbose,
and then it's kind of, you know,
it's not entirely obvious.
One thing I recently learned about,
I don't know how it took me so long,
is the simpler version of that like variable
or other option without the if else,
just the thing or that thing, right?
So for example, if you try to get a user back
and you just wanna return the user
or you wanna return,
maybe you wanna check if they're admin.
If they are, you return them.
Otherwise you might turn them back.
You could say something to the effect of like,
if I say user or a result equals user or false
or something like that.
It's not a totally good example here,
but this like super short version of value
where you kind of have the return value and the test,
and then the alt fallback, the else piece.
It wouldn't work in the example I have here,
but that one I actually started to really like
because it's so concise.
- I don't know, I think I'm very traditional.
I like reading my code up going down.
So whenever it started stretching sideways to me,
I go like, ah, okay.
I think I just love the flow of if,
then I know I have to look down for the else, right?
But now I have to look the else from the other side.
And yeah, but one-liners are good in some places,
but in most of the cases, out of readability,
I usually just try to avoid them.
- Yeah, I do as well.
The one thing I was thinking is interesting
on the data science side, Preysen,
is a lot of times you're trying to take,
instead of statements, multiple lines,
you're trying to create little expressions
that you can put together in like little list comprehensions
and other types of things.
And these one-liners become really valuable there.
- Yeah, yeah, definitely, definitely.
Mostly when we're using lambdas everywhere, right?
- Yes, exactly, exactly.
- So the next error condition is funny, I think,
and it's just the while is used.
So it's just a warning to say you have a while in your code.
And this, the comment really is there's,
it's just not really usually good to have a while
because it can like never terminate.
You can, there's no, it's not guaranteed to terminate
if you've got a while loop.
So I thought that was interesting.
I actually was just thinking about this the other day
is that I can't even remember the last time
I've used a while loop in some code.
So I think this is actually pretty good
just to warn people they've got a while loop.
- It's pretty strong.
It's a pretty strong warning to say
you have used this language construct.
That's a problem.
I certainly think I'm on board with the Zen of the idea
that most of the time a while means you're doing it wrong.
Most of the time you could probably iterate
over a collection or you could enumerate
and then iterate over the index and the value.
But there are times where you actually need to test
for something and then break out
and to put it as a full on warning just for its existence.
To me it seems a bit too far, but it's interesting to see.
The first one, yeah, I think these are both sort of
in the eye of the beholder a bit.
- Yeah, I actually, like in our team
or in my whole existence,
I think we're using while only once,
and this is on the computer vision.
So you are trying to capture videos from the camera
and then do analysis with them.
So it says while there's a frame, keep on doing this.
And of course you always have to catch
some way to go out of this while loop.
But I think that's the only time we use while.
And we usually warn people, say,
never use while except when you are doing computer vision.
- Interesting, yeah.
Especially if you've got things like pandas and stuff
where maybe you shouldn't even be looping at all.
- No, no, no, no, no, no.
- Yeah, interesting.
A couple of thoughts from the live stream.
So Sam Morley-Others says,
x equals y or z is really handy
for setting instance variables in a class
where they're using nones, I totally agree.
Chris May, hey Chris, says,
chernier is a great idea if it's simple,
else not so much.
Yeah. - Nice, clever.
- Brendan Brainer out there agrees with you,
praising that the traditional if else
is probably easier to read.
Henry Schreider says,
chernier is much better for type checking as well.
Okay, yeah, probably because the type reference
is more obvious there.
So yeah, pretty neat, pretty neat.
Also speaking of neat stuff,
what if you could have all sorts of little placards
and things about your README?
So here is a project I want to tell people about
called GitHub README Stats.
And GitHub README Stats is pretty interesting.
It comes to us from Palma.
So thank you Palma for sending that in.
And the description says it dynamically generated stats
for your GitHub readmes.
But I feel like that scope is actually way too short.
It's dynamically generated little placards
for wherever you wanna put them on the internet.
You might wanna put them on a project's readme
so the project can describe itself more dynamically,
but you might also wanna put it on your about page
on your blog or something like that.
So give you all a sense of what's going on here.
Come down here, you can have these different,
there's a whole bunch of different options.
You can get like a GitHub stats card,
you can get extra pins,
you can get the languages, like for example,
we could say what the languages you are most likely to use
across all of your repositories,
the walk of time, week stats,
there's a bunch of themes and visualizations and stuff.
So I think the best way to get a sense of this
is to see an example.
So I put a couple of projects in my own self
and here it does kind of pick on me.
So here's an image that I could add.
Let's zoom that in.
So I have this Python switch package
that I created a while ago
when Python didn't have anything like a switch statement.
So I wanted to add a switch statement
to the Python language, so I did.
And apparently here are the stats of it.
These are live, right?
If I refresh it, it'll regenerate it.
And it gives you a little bit of info about the project,
like the name and its little description.
That's mostly Python.
As it says, it has 238 stars and 18 forks,
which is pretty awesome.
So all I gotta do to get that is go up here
and say, I wanna get the pin
and I wanna have the username be Mike C. Kennedy
and the repo be Python-Switch.
And this returns an image that I can put,
like I said, anywhere, right?
If you put this as the image source,
it'll go, it's not just like it'll only render on GitHub.
it'll go wherever you put it.
So I think that that's pretty cool.
Another example would be your stats.
I'll refresh this 'cause your little animation.
I can get my Michael Kennedy's GitHub stats.
Apparently I have an A++, but a two thirds closed red ring.
I'm not totally sure what the ring means,
but it's kind of a cool little graphic here.
Apparently I've got 3.5 thousand stars, which surprises me.
A lot of commits, 73 PRs, 103 issues,
23 repositories I contributed to.
I don't know if that's this year or maybe this year,
who knows, or total.
Anyway, that's kind of cool, right?
You could put that on your blog or somewhere
where you're trying to talk about yourself,
like you're trying to get hired
or you do consulting or something.
And then the third one here is you can say
your most used languages.
So apparently I have most used JavaScript,
which is very much not true,
but I've probably committed a ton of applying Node modules
to some projects that I don't actually want to have to,
you know, re-NPM install.
I wanna just make sure they're there for like a course
or something like that, right?
But it'll show you sort of the breakdown
of your various languages and whatnot.
So that gives you kind of a sense of what these are all
about, what the idea of this thing is.
You generate these little cards and you can put them,
like I said, wherever you want.
What do you think?
- Like on a resume page.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, I really love it, but it's kind of sad
because most of our time is spent in GitLab
and all this other, and all our commits are down there.
And then when I come to my GitHub, it looks so empty.
And it makes my heart sick.
- What has Prasit been doing?
He hasn't committed anything for a week.
- Yeah, yeah.
So, but this is really, really awesome.
- Yeah, cool.
Yeah, I guess it really only works for GitHub
and that's where it's really handy, but still pretty nice.
- The stats are only on public repos
or are they public in private?
- It's a good question.
- So you can choose as a user,
if you go down here and like the stuff
that shows in your contributions,
in your GitHub profile,
you can check whether you want public
and private contributions to appear in that little green,
of how much contributions have you made this year by day.
So maybe it depends on whether you've checked that or not,
you know what I mean?
But it might not.
Anyway, yeah, pretty cool little project.
Brayson, you're up next.
What you got?
- Yes, yes, yes.
So I got this one here.
Actually, this is, it's something that has been covered,
not covered, covered, but been mentioned.
So I could see it in the footnotes as when I searched through
actually, Brian, you covered it in episode 182
with HyperMod in Python.
I think it's just the name that was there.
Yeah, but it was not mentioned.
I think it's just been, oh, this could be used
in this hyper modern Python way of doing awesome stuff.
And then in episode 248, it was mentioned again
with hyper modern Python cookie cutter,
but it's just like a footnote of,
oh, use Knox instead of Tox.
So this is really, really an awesome tool
that we've been using recently
because when we do machine learning,
we are encountering a lot of problems
where we have to test how our models are performing
and how are they ethical.
So the test, when we do tests of our pipelines,
we're not just testing that the models are accurate
or they are doing the things that they're doing,
like the API, it's actually, you cannot just ping our API,
you need to have keys and all those.
We actually also have to test about the ethicalness
of our models.
So like if we say our models does not segregate
between let's say gender,
so we test, we have counterfactual test
where we send different genders
and see what are the models responding
and they're responding with a similar results.
Or when we say it doesn't segregate
between sexual orientation,
then we send different inputs where it pretends
to be either straight or homosexual
and just try to see do we receive the same results.
So we've been trying to run this very in an automatic way.
And before that, we use a lot of talks.
But the problem is, talks,
the way of defining your talks is just not Pythonic.
Like you don't write this Pythonic way of doing things.
is similar to, we had this issue with make.
I really could not debug make.
So whenever I made a make file,
I copied from someone else and then changed some things
because anything I touched, then I have a syntax error.
Oh, this thing is not in the right place.
And then I came across evoke,
which it was almost like Pythonic.
I can write everything in a Python way.
So this Nox is actually similar to what evoke did to,
make, but it's doing exactly to Tux. So in this case, you can create simple pipelines
like this one here, where it creates a session, installs the package that needs to be installed,
and then run whatever experiment you're trying to run. And this is really, really handy,
at least we find it really handy, because you can select that it actually used the Conda
environment like the condor world has been used a lot in data science. So you can say first create
a condor virtual environment, install these packages and then test them. So what I like about
this tool, it's almost similar to pytest. Like if you know how pytest works, then you know how this
guy works because there's a parameterization and whenever you run test, you can select which part
of session needs to be run, like in pytest, we use the -k, run this kind of test, and
here you use the same thing, -k, run only this kind of builds, right? So it is dope.
We really, really enjoy that. Like, you can pass in an environment variable, but I actually
wanted to show you the coolest part here. >> Yeah, this does look nice.
It's just amazing.
I cannot, I mean, the guy who created this,
I just give him all the thumbs up
with everything that they have come up with.
So it's really, really handy if you're not using it,
or if you're using Tux,
you should probably consider changing to Nuxt.
- That's cool.
You can, for example, write that you have a test
and then say, I want this as a decorator,
sort of parameterized.
I want this to run on 2736, 3738,
and it'll do that, right?
- Yeah.
- So it seems like this example here, right?
So we can see we are parameterizing different Django.
So we want it to first install this version
and then run the tests, right?
And then later it will come and take this version
and run the test.
But then in the command line,
you can actually just select it to run only the test
with this guy and skip this guy here.
So it's really, I mean, it's the ability that it gives you,
it's incredible.
So if I could see, so you can see like here, right here,
right, this is exactly what like it goes
into the pytest-ish world.
- You can run it and say, don't run the linter
or just lint it, don't run the test or test.
You can even put Python expressions, it looks like,
test and not lint, for example.
I mean, it's just insanely great.
Nice. Brian, what do you think of this?
Oh, I really like Knox. It's neat.
The parameter is, the use of parameters is really cool.
And the example of like using a couple of different django's is good,
but you can also build up matrices of testing easily with like a couple,
you can stack these so you can have two parameters together.
It's a pretty cool project.
I just really love talks,
so I haven't switched.
But I know that there's like invoke also,
people are using invoke for automation,
but people are using Knox for more than just automating testing.
You can automate really whatever you want to.
you can run, it's just running a command, right?
So.
- Nice.
Yeah.
Preston, you've got a lot of comments
from the live stream on this one.
Henry Schreider says,
"I love Knox.
"Tox is mired in backwards compatibility defaults.
"It is hard to tell what's actually doing,
"whereas Knox is simple.
"It doesn't hide or guess stuff.
"It's just programmed like pytest."
Which sounds great.
Sam Morley says,
"This is the only way to write a makefile."
(laughing)
- I mean, I had that one.
- Yeah.
Henry also says the PyPA projects
have some very powerful Knox files,
CI build, wheel, pip and so on, which is good.
And then Sam Morley also has a question for you.
Can it also Knox run external tools,
for example, build a C extension or run a C test suite?
- Oh, I don't know, Brian.
- I don't know that either.
- It definitely can because Python has sub process,
but can it do it without you forcing that into it?
But you could put technically,
Python call this other command, right?
- Well, there's an example in the tutorial
of calling CMake.
- Yeah, I saw the CMake as well.
So that probably counts, right?
- Yeah.
- Yeah, I think that would count.
- So it's just running a command.
- Yeah. - Yeah.
And then Brian, Brandon out there has a comment for you.
New lights look great.
(Brian laughs)
I actually need to adjust my camera a little bit,
which is a little bit off on the lights.
Very cool.
All right, let's see.
I think Brian, you got the next one.
- Oh, okay.
I forgot what I was talking about.
Yeah, so I've got the old document there.
So I've got a couple of things I wanted to talk about.
So this is one of those extra, extra, extra things,
but there's just two.
A couple things around dealing with text.
And I've been playing with my blog a little bit lately,
not really writing much, which is a problem,
but actually dealing with some of the old--
- Well, what you wrote looks really good now.
(laughing)
- Well, I'm doing some automated,
trying to automate some of the parsing
of some of the old stuff.
So I grabbed a whole bunch of blog posts from WordPress,
And which, yeah, you can, nobody needs to throw eggs at me.
I'm already switching and using Hugo now.
But I've got a whole bunch of files
that I automatically generate a markdown files,
but there's problems with them.
So I have to keep track of them.
So I've got some scripts.
So a couple of tools are helping me.
Python front matter is a really pretty,
it's a package that's, it's just a really small package,
but all it does is really takes like YAML style
front matter stuff and parses those,
you could just load it.
So you load, I'm using a markdown files,
the example shows a text file.
And you can get at all the pieces of the file,
like the content and stuff, but for instance,
I can grab the title, you can look at what the keys are.
But so for blog posts, I've got tags and the date,
and it's all converted to Python objects.
So if I have a date listed in a blog post,
it'll show up as a date time object.
So, and you can do math on it and all sorts of stuff.
So this is pretty cool.
It's really small, but super handy for what I need.
So this is good.
- Yeah, this looks nice.
The other tool I wanted to talk about,
which is even a tinier use case, I think,
is called FTFY, fixes text for you.
And really it just takes bad Unicode conversions
and makes them good.
So it takes like common problems with Unicode conversions
and fixes them.
- Where it looks like you have Greek or Russian letters
or something instead of a space or apostrophe
or something like that?
- Yeah, like the first example, a quick example,
there's like, yeah, like this weird AE character,
and really it was intended to be a check mark.
So it just converted it to the proper what it was.
I'm not sure how it's doing this, but it's pretty neat.
- That is very cool.
- This gets me all the time.
If stuff like goes from Word,
if I'm converting from Word or something,
or copy and pasting or other things,
there's a lot of different quote marks
that word processors put in
and like it just ends up being gross in a lot of places.
And having that converted to just,
one example is the Mona Lisa doesn't have eyebrows,
but instead of the just apostrophe T,
it's this weird, ugly, big Unicode thing.
Yeah, so just replacing that
with an apostrophe is a good idea.
- Yeah, nice.
Does it change single quotes to double quotes
and stuff like that as well?
(laughing)
- I don't know.
- I don't know if it should either.
I am not sure.
Yeah, this is cool.
So you just run this across like your markdown files
or something like that?
- Yeah, so I'm not using it really for the blog stuff,
but there was some other text parsing I was doing
where I was scraping some information from somewhere
And it just was just gross.
Had a bunch of gross Unicode stuff in it.
And I just wanted to, you know,
have something easy to just convert it quickly.
And this does the trick.
- Very cool.
Nice one, nice finds.
So I'd follow up on that.
I was playing with my, oh my Posh shell
and the new Windows terminal
and the new Windows PowerShell on Windows 11.
earlier this week trying to set up some testing over there.
And I found they have all these cool themes
that show you all kinds of neat stuff.
So you can see like the Git branch you're on
and they've got these little cool arrows
and all these colors.
And they'll even do certain things
for like showing the version
of the Python virtual environment that's active
in the prompt and stuff like that.
If you activate the virtual environment
and all that had a bunch of weird blocks
and like squiggly junk like that.
And so it's not exactly the same problem.
I'm gonna talk more about this later,
but I found that there's this place called Nerd Fonts.
And apparently Posh Shell is tested on Nerd Fonts,
but Nerd Fonts is full of all these amazing developer fonts
that have font ligatures and all sorts of cool stuff.
And they're all free.
There's like 50 developer fonts
and terminal fonts and stuff.
So yeah, one more thing along those lines to check out.
Very neat.
But what I wanted to talk about is stealing this idea
from Prason that he was gonna cover, but I got to it.
Got to it before.
So there's this new project that recently
is making traction.
It's been around for a couple of months,
even I guess it's about two years old, honestly,
but somehow it got discovered
and is now getting some traction called MPIRE, M-P-I-R-E.
And the idea is it's a Python package
for easy multi-processing.
It's like the multiprocessing module,
but faster, better, stronger.
It's like the bionic one.
So the acronym stands for multiprocessing is really easy.
I love that thought.
And it primarily works around
taking multiprocessing pools,
but then adding on some features
that make it more efficient.
For example, instead of creating a clone,
a copy of every object that gets shared
across all the multiprocessing,
it'll actually do copy on write.
So it won't make a copy of the objects you're just reading,
it'll only make a copy of the ones you're changing.
So if you start like 10 sub processes,
you might not have to make copies, 10 copies of that,
which can make it faster.
It comes with cool like progress bar functionality
and insight to how much progress it's made.
It's also supposed to be faster,
I'll talk about in a second,
but it has map, map unordered,
and things like that, iterative maps.
The copy on right I talked about, which is cool.
Each worker has its own state
and some like startup shutdown type of behaviors
you can add to it.
It has integration with TQDM, the progress bar.
What else does it have?
Like I said, some insights.
It has user-friendly exception handling,
which is pretty awesome.
You can also do automatic chunking
to break up blocks of queues across sub-processes
and multiprocessing, including NumPy arrays.
You can adjust the maximum number of tasks
or restart them after a certain number,
restart the worker processes
after a certain amount of work.
So in case there's like a memory leak
or it's just hasn't cleaned it up,
you can sort of work on that.
You can create pools of these workers
with like a daemon option.
So they're just up and running and they grab the work.
Let's see.
can be pinned to a specific CPU or a range of CPUs,
which can be useful for cache invalidation.
So if you're getting a lot of like thrashing
and moving across different CPUs,
then the caches have to read different data,
which is of course way, way, way slower.
So a bunch of neat things, I'll show you a quick example.
So in the docs, if you pull their page up,
there's a multiprocessing example.
So you write a function and then you say with pool processes
equals five as pool, pool.map,
and give the function and the data,
interval and it runs each one through there.
With the Empire one, it's quite simple, similar.
You just create a Empire worker pool
and you specify the number of jobs.
It says the difference of the code are small,
you don't have to relearn anything,
but you get things like all the stuff I talked about,
the more efficient shared objects,
the progress bar if you want,
you can just say progress bar equals true
and you automatically get a cool little TQDM progress bar.
You get startup and shutdown methods for the workers
so you can like initialize them
and what else you need to do.
So yeah, pretty cool little project
and the benchmarks show it down here at the bottom
in the fast area.
So you all can check that out.
Brayson, what did you like about this?
- Well, I think it's also gonna transition really well
to the other topic that I have is,
I like when one create an API
that you can just easily plug to your existing code.
- Yeah.
- So you can just import this as this
and do not change the entire code
and then it take care of that, you know,
like writing your code in a way
that one can just plug and play.
That's the amazing thing.
So it's easy that you don't have to relearn a lot of stuff,
but it just gives you the power that you need.
So this is why we moved to this one.
So we gain the power without changing much of our code.
- Yeah, yeah, definitely.
I love that as well.
You know, I think of like HTTPX and requests for a while
and I think they diverged at some point, but yeah.
Let's see some feedback from audience real quick.
If I'll jump back to the nerd fonts,
Chris says they're amazing.
Henry Schreiner says,
"Fish shell plus Fisher plus oh my fish."
And then the theme,
"Bob the fish plus Sauce Code Pro Nerd font" is fantastic.
Oh my gosh.
I have no idea.
I haven't told you. - These are great names.
- Henry, you're gonna send me on a serious rattle.
I'm gonna be losing like the rest of the day
to just fiddle with that, I'm afraid.
- Well, I keep on missing my terminal
every time I start fiddling around, right?
So, - That's right.
because I'm using a, you know,
we sell Windows subsystem Linux, right?
So whenever I fix something, then I get it right.
And before I know it, I broke it again.
So, but yeah, it looks really awesome.
- Yeah, fantastic.
And then on topic was most recently talking about
Chris Mace's, whoa, empire looks nice.
Alvaro asked, will it help to get logging working
in multi-processing?
I don't know that it'll make any change.
I mean, it really is mostly still multi-processing,
so probably not.
Yeah, yeah, very cool.
All right, Precyn, I think you got the last one here.
- Yes, yes, yes.
So I have this awesome tool here.
Like it's called Scotch.
It's really like a mixture of scikit-learn and touch.
This is really, really cool bit,
whereas we were talking about having a building an API
that it's easy to integrate.
So if someone already knows Scikit-learn
and a bit of Torch,
then you don't really need to learn anything in this tool
because everything just fits in together.
So basically, when you're using Scikit-learn,
so if you are not familiar with Scikit-learn,
it's just this, what we call it,
the must-have toolkit for data scientists,
because here they have created a really good tool
with a really good API,
where you can build an entire pipeline
from cleaning your data to building interesting models
and everything like that.
But the biggest problem which we've been keep on experiencing
when working with Scikit-learn
is when it comes to neural networks,
that you really don't have a lot of power
to customize your networks
in the way that you will,
like it's very limited with this input
that you already have here.
And in most cases, someone says,
"Well, just create your own neural network classifier
"or a regressor and then wrap it in the scikit-learn wrapper."
But then, ooh, sometimes one does not want to do that.
But nice thing is another guys just came up
with this project, which is really, really neat.
So basically it's just, I think mostly I will just go
about maybe I should shamelessly show you an example
in one of my gifs, which is,
I know this is a shameless way to do,
but it's easier like giving a demo on how it works, right?
So like, if you're using scikit-learn,
you are very familiar with all these other tools
that someone needs to have like the way to split your data,
et cetera, et cetera.
But then--
- The pipeline and the--
- The pipelines and all the stuff.
- Yeah, okay.
- But the coolest thing is instead of using
one of the scikit-learn models,
you can create your own custom neural net, right?
So this will be like a neural network where we decided
what, how many nodes we want in the first layer,
how many nodes do we want in the second layer.
And here we can build as many interesting net
as we see fit, right?
And then basically here, we just do the calling of it.
So this is very standard PyTorch way of creating your net.
The awesome part is that now this net,
forgetting about all this process,
we can see it, so we just create this net,
wrap it up like this,
and now we are using it as part of our pipeline.
So you can see, I will just go down right here.
So I am having my preprocessor scikit-learn-ish
and I'm having my net.
And the coolest thing is now I just call this thing
as I will do with any scikit-learn model
with my classifier.fit this
and later I will do my classifier.predict these things.
So this example is we're trying to predict
the species of penguin given the data that we have.
So this whole thing is really, really cool
because it obscure the whole files of,
when you do it in PyTorch, pure PyTorch,
you will have to write this full loop
with optimizer, stepping up, stepping down,
all these things.
But here, just transforming to the scikit-learn world,
where you'll just do fit, which just train your model,
and now you can just do predict
as if you're predicting any other scikit-learn tool.
So, so Scotch is a really, really tool that just does that.
So it allow you to connect your touch net
with the scikit-learn pipeline.
So this is a really, really awesome.
So I would just encourage people to take a look at it.
- I love the idea of it, that basically you were,
you can create these PyTorch models
and do what you need to do to set them up
and then just hand them off
to the rest of the scikit-learn world.
And I can see some really interesting uses for this.
Like I've got some library
and it can either integrate with PyTorch
or it can integrate with scikit-learn
and it just uses this little wrapper to pass it around.
I like it.
- Yeah, yeah.
So just for me, it's like,
it just gives me this ability to create this
more extended algorithms
and then just continue using my scikit-learn
my scikit pipelines.
So that's the coolest thing,
that I don't have to change my code
because I just want to replace one line
and that is the model.
So I get the model from Scotch
and then pass it in my ordinary,
something like logistical regression instead.
Now I'm using a net.
- Love it.
- Nice. - Brian, what do you think?
You like this pattern?
- Yeah, I do.
I like the pattern of being able to use,
not have to change your entire tool chain
just to change one piece.
Nice and clean. - Yeah.
Like it as well.
So that's it for our main items.
Brian, I've got one.
I feel like I should have let you have this one,
but I grabbed this little extra thing
I wanted to throw out there
'cause I thought it would make you happy.
- Neat, can't wait.
- Yeah, so Marco Gorelli,
sent over this thing and said,
if you wanna work in JupyterLab, right?
I know that one of your requirements
for working with tools and shells and stuff
is that they're Vim-ish.
You can do Vim keyboard things to it.
- I'm excited.
- Yeah, so he sent in this thing called JupyterLab-Vim,
which is Vim notebook cell bindings for JupyterLab.
So if you're editing a notebook cell,
you can do all of your magic Vim keys
to make all the various changes and whatnot
that you want.
So yeah, cool.
What do you think?
- I'm definitely gonna try this.
Yes.
- Yeah, awesome.
All right, let's see what else do I have.
I got, oh yeah, this, nevermind my picture.
I didn't really intend to put that up there,
but I just wanna point out that I'm gonna be speaking
and the reason the picture's there is the conference,
the Pi Bay conference that's running next month.
They featured my talk that I'm doing,
so that's why there's a picture of me.
But the Pi Bay 2021 food truck edition,
they have rented out an entire like food cartopia type place
with a bunch of these pods and having a conference outdoors
and putting up multimedia like TVs and stuff for each pod.
So even if you're not at the, like a great line of sight,
you can still see the live talks,
but sit outside and drink and eat food cart food
in California, sounds fun.
So I'm gonna be talking about,
what did I say my title of my talk was?
It's gonna be HTMX plus Flask,
modern Python web apps hold the JavaScript.
So I'm looking forward to giving that talk in there.
So people, if they're generally in that area,
they might want to check that out.
- I might, that just sounds fun.
- Yeah. Yes, indeed.
All right. That's it for my extra items.
You got any extras, Brian?
- No. How about you, Preston?
- Yes, I got one.
I had to actually search if this one has been covered
and I was surprised that it has not been covered.
- I don't think it has, what is this?
- It's, so it's, you know,
there's something called py.inv.
So we've been using py.inv to,
of course, one can say,
why don't you just use os.inv,
then get whatever that is,
why do we need to install another package
just to get the environment variable or something?
But this is pretty, pretty neat.
It's quite recent project, I think,
and it's rising slowly.
And there's a lot of contributor and it's, yeah,
it's very promising.
So what it does, I think I can just bring it somewhere here.
It allows you to do all this type convention,
casting, et cetera, et cetera, right?
Like you can say, I'm gonna get my debug here
and then I will set the defaults
and also I will do the casting here, right?
So this is really--
- Right, so when you're reading config files,
everything is a string and then you're like,
oh, this one is a date time, so I gotta parse it.
This one is, oh, I gotta parse it.
Yeah, okay.
- Yeah, but it's really even, it's so much that.
So there's another way where you can say
from decouple import auto-config.
So it goes and search where is that .inv file is.
So otherwise you can just tell
where the environment variable is.
But it's just neat.
It's very simple.
it does what you want it to do.
So I will really encourage people to look at it.
It's, I just, we, I've just changed every places
where I've been using .inv or OS.inv with this one.
And it's just helped me clean some
unnecessary steps in my code.
- That's pretty cool.
- Yeah, yeah, great, great idea.
Definitely check that one out.
All right, well, I think that's it for all of our items.
Well, what do you think?
Should we do a joke?
- Definitely.
- I love it 'cause I've almost forgotten what the joke is.
So it's gonna be new to me as well.
All right, so the joke is called adoption.
This comes from monkeyuser.com.
And you've heard about the Python idea
of you came for the language,
but you stayed for the community.
But what if it is a little bit different?
What if actually people get brought in unwillingly
and then they kind of realize they like it.
So here's a picture of like kind of an open field,
you know, think Gazelle or something.
There's a couple of developers just running
and there's one who is fixated on a butterfly
who doesn't actually see what's,
there's a bunch of like a pack of Python developers
coming to adopt them.
It says a pack of Python developers
spotting a junior dev away from its pack,
initiate their conversion assault.
(laughing)
- Yeah.
- Yeah, silly, silly, silly.
>> Man, I'm that way even for non-programmers.
My family just rolls their eyes every time this happens.
But every time I get somebody young coming over,
either in college or high school or just out of college,
I'll say, "So if you haven't done it already,
no matter what your field is,
you really should learn how to code.
While you're at it, why not just choose Python?"
So I'm trying to make Python developers
out of every person I meet.
- I think that's, you do no favor.
It'll be their superpower
amongst all their non-developer friends.
Brian, thanks as always in person.
Really great to have you on the show this week
and thanks for being here.
- Yeah, thank you, Michael.
Thank you, Brian.
- Thank you.
- You bet, bye.
- Bye.
- Bye everyone at livestream.
Thanks for being here.
Thanks for all the questions.
See you next time.
[BLANK_AUDIO]